Docs Perps (#203)
podnetwork/pod-sdk: doc/protocol/orderbook.md

The protocol guarantees (via [past perfection](network-architecture/timestamping.md#past-perfection)) that if an order receives n - f attestations within the deadline - which it will if it was sent sufficiently early - it will be part of a batch up to and including the latest batch specified by the deadline.

Transactions that do not receive a finality certificate may still be used for matching, but they do not get to settle - the user cannot withdraw funds even if their order is matched. This is by design, to prevent last look attacks.

Traders can set the deadline to be small to ensure they are matched quickly, but they open up the risk of not being able to claim funds if they do not receive sufficient attestations in time. Traders setting recent deadlines should estimate their network latency to honest validators.

### Solver

The solver is the service responsible for settling a batch. It can be a rotating set of solvers or a single entity, configurable per market. The solver waits for the auction deadline and then settles the batch.

> The solver does not get any additional advantage. It cannot censor transactions or include transactions that were not submitted in time. It has some flexibility on whether to include malicious transactions - orders that were out of time or received some attestations but not the required n - f. These orders always lose, because they cannot claim funds even if they get matched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solver does not get any additional advantage. It cannot censor transactions or include transactions that were not submitted in time. It has some flexibility on whether to include out-of-time transactions - orders submitted after the batch timestamp, or orders that received some attestations but fewer than the required n − f. These orders always lose, because they cannot claim funds even if they get matched.
```
